They have tried to recreate the same situation
from 3 years ago but obviously in a
different way. This is about Marta and
what she is talking about on the show.
Of course they have tried another one. I do
believe you. They have tried to compare the issue of
Rocio Carrasco with her. It is like, let's see,
Marta, I can understand how
upset Marta is and if Anton has
behaved badly with her in the sense that he has
not loved her anymore and has
played with her as much as you want,
but I do not share her comparison with Roso
Carrasco. And now she understands Roso
Carrasco because there are things that she has
experienced and whatever it is, it has absolutely
nothing to do with Rocio Carrasco. We are
talking about a different situation and
different experiences. And hers
is a relationship that she has had with this
man and they have not gotten along. Ultimately,
everyone knows their
personal economic circumstances and if it is about money,
doing an exercise I could
even come to understand it, which
seems to me an absolute disappointment and something
Rubin is selling yourself for a sandwich.
Notice that I do not know which of the two
says this phrase or is it true  I don't
know if he says it for the editor or for Marta.